[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Here's that diagram, the
one that I have up on the board, in a much
more complete fashion, and showing
you both the bar and the foo in play.
So we have an object,
I'm gonna use my laser pointer,
if you wanna try to show up on the screen.
I don't have line numbers to use,
so you just have to hear me.
We have this square
that's next to the foo.
That's foo prototype and
E as a constructor back.
And we have a square that's next
to the bar, that's a prototype.
But you notice the dotted line
shows us the implied relationship.
Because this guy didn't have
a constructor on it, so
his implied relationship is
that the constructor is foo.
Same thing down here with b1 and b2.
They have an implied relationship
that their constructor is foo,
which is just nonsense.
But, we see the consistency
that those bracket, bracket,
pre relationships link exactly
where we expect them to link, okay?
Now, unfortunately, this is kind of a fib,
because this isn't all that's
going on in that previous code.
I actually have to show you an even more
complex diagram to let you see what's
really happening with that
previous set of code.
So you should note that some of
this stuff will look familiar.
We already see foo and the bar.
Those are still here.
But now all this stuff up
here in the top left corner,
that's all brand new with a whole
bunch more arrows and dotted lines.
And your brain is probably gonna start to
explode at this point if you think about
this diagram.
This took me more than a day just to
create this one diagram so it's complex.
Now, there are two takeaways to get here.
The first takeaway is this
is really complex, and
if you feel like that you want to deal
with these mechanisms with all of this.
Then you better print this diagram out and
stick it on your monitor next
to those other post-it notes,
cuz you're gonna have to deal with this
complexity every day of your life.
That's one takeaway.
There is another takeaway.
There is a more optimistic
takeaway from this.
That even though there's
a lot of complexity here,
there's actually an amazing amount
of internal consistency going on.
Because everything that we can observe
about the language is explained by
the exact same core set of rules
that we've already talked about.
For example, you remember when we talked
about the function prototype bind,
and magically foo could call foo bind.
You may have wondered
how is that possible?
This diagram explains exactly how that's
possible because look at bar and foo.
Functions are objects,
which means that functions have
an internal prototype linkage.
So they delegate up to
the function.prototype.
So that's where they get .call and
.apply and .bind and so forth.
So all of the mechanisms that you
can observe about the language
are explainable through these
relationships and these arrows.
Which is a nice internal consistency.
There's not actually
a lot of magic going on.
It's all the same thing, but
it's complex, it's difficult.
What we come back to is, when it comes
down to it, all of these circles and
arrows are completely irrelevant.
What we really only care
about are these squares.
Cuz the squares are where
all the action happens.
The objects are where
All this other stuff is a whole bunch of
distraction that we use to get there.
So wouldn't it be nice if we could
just make the squares without all
the other crap.
And that's where we're headed, yes?
>> Chris W: A little bit confused on this
question so I'll ask it as best I can.
[INAUDIBLE] is wondering, in the previous
couple of slides example where
you were assigning bar.prototype
to object create foo.prototype.
If you were to reassign foo.prototype
later, would bar.prototype inherit it?
Or would bar.prototype be pointing
to the original foo.prototype?
>> Kyle Simpson: Kind of neither,
because inherit is the wrong word.
Let me see if I can,
>> Kyle Simpson: What Chris W
says there is correct.
It creates a brand new object
that has a prototype linkage
to the foo prototype object.
It's not a copy, it's not an inheritance,
it's a new object with a linkage.
So hopefully that answers it.
We'll see more about object
create in a little bit.
We'll come back to it.
All right, so this diagram sucks.
But there's hope, because there's a way to
get a lot of this complexity erased, okay?